Write architecture decision record for form styling - .dpl-form classes (#639)
danskernesdigitalebibliotek/dpl-design-system: docs/architecture/adr-002-form-styling.md

> # Architecture Decision Record: Form styling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Architecture Decision Record: Form Styling
```

## Context

There are various types of forms within the project, and it is always a dilemma

> as to whether to write specific styling per form, or if there should be a common
> set of base classes that can be used throughout the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as to whether to write specific styling per form, or to create a common set of
base classes.
```

## Decision

We have decided to create a set of `default classes` to be used when building
different kinds of forms, as to not create a large amount of location that
contain form styling. Considering the forms within the project all look very
similar/consist of elements that look the same, it will be an advantage to have

> a centralized place to expand//apply future changes to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a centralized place to expand/apply future changes to.
```

> As we follow the BEM class structure, the block is called "dpl-form", which can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we follow the BEM class structure, the block is called `dpl-form`, which can
```

be expanded with elements, and modifiers.

## Alternatives considered

We considered writing new classes every time we introduced a new form, however,
this seemed like the inferior option. If a specific form element was to change
styling in the future, we would have to adjust all of the specific instances,
instead of having a singular definition. And in case a specific instance needs
to adopt a different styling, it can be achieved by creating a specific class
fot that very purpose.

## Consequences

As per this decision, we expect introduction of new form elements to be styled
expanding the current `dpl-form` class.

This currently has an exception in form of form inputs - these have been styled

> a long time ago and use the class "dpl-input".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a long time ago and use the class `dpl-input`.
```
